.TH webtaku 1 "01/03/2013" "shimataro" "Utility"


.\"========================================
.SH NAME
\fBwebtaku\fR \- webpage's image generator


.\"========================================
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBwebtaku\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR] <\fIURL\fR>


.\"========================================
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBwebtaku\fR is webpage's image generator based on WebKit


.\"========================================
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-format\fR=\fIFORMAT\fR
Specify output format.
Available formats are \fBBMP\fR/\fBJPG\fR/\fBPNG\fR/\fBPPM\fR/\fBXBM\fR/\fBXPM\fR.
Default format is \fBPPM\fR.

.TP
\fB\-\-output\fR=\fIFILENAME\fR
Specify output filename.
File format will be determined by extension (\fB\-\-format\fR option will be ignored).

.TP
\fB\-\-accept\-language\fR=\fIACCEPT_LANGUAGE\fR
Specify \fBAccept\-Language\fR header.
You can use multiple \fB\-\-accept\-language\fR options to set multiple acceptable languages in this order.

.TP
\fB\-\-cookie\fR=\fICOOKIE\fR
Set \fBCookie\fR header.
You can use multiple \fB\-\-cookie\fR options to set multiple cookies in this order.

.TP
\fB\-\-user\-agent\fR=\fIUSER_AGENT\fR
Specify \fBUser\-Agent\fR header.

.TP
\fB\-\-min\-size\fR=[\fIWIDTH\fR]x[\fIHEIGHT\fR]
Specify minimum viewport size (image will be extended automatically).
You can specify \fIWIDTH\fR or \fIHEIGHT\fR only.
If omitted, default size is \fB1024x768\fR.

.TP
\fB\-\-crop\fR
Crop image by minimum viewport size(\fB\-\-min\-size\fR).

.TP
\fB\-\-scaled\-size\fR=[\fIWIDTH\fR]x[\fIHEIGHT\fR]
Scale image to \fIWIDTH\fRx\fIHEIGHT\fR by short side, keeping aspect ratio.
This means scaled image will be \fIWIDTH\fRx\fIHEIGHT\fR at most.
You can specify \fIWIDTH\fR or \fIHEIGHT\fR only.

.TP
\fB\-\-scaled\-size\fR=[\fIWIDTH\fR]X[\fIHEIGHT\fR]
Use upper case "\fBX\fR" to scale to \fIWIDTH\fRx\fIHEIGHT\fR by long side, keeping aspect ratio.
This means scaled image will be \fIWIDTH\fRx\fIHEIGHT\fR at least.

.TP
\fB\-\-scaled\-size\fR=[\fIWIDTH\fR]:[\fIHEIGHT\fR]
Use colon "\fB:\fR" to scale to \fIWIDTH\fRx\fIHEIGHT\fR, \fBwithout\fR keeping aspect ratio.
This means scaled image will be \fIWIDTH\fRx\fIHEIGHT\fR exactly.

.TP
\fB\-\-timer\fR=\fITIME\fR
Specify the delay time to generate image after loading webpage completely, \fBin milliseconds\fR.
Set enough time for JavaScript to adjust DOM.
Default is \fB500\fR.

.TP
\fB\-\-silent\fR
Output no message to stderr.
Check exit status whether succeeded or not
(see below about exit status)


.\"========================================
.SH EXIT STATUS
\fBWebtaku\fR returns following statuses.
.TP
\fB0\fR
normal termination
(no errors)

.TP
\fB1\fR
invalid arguments
(e.g., unparseable arguments)

.TP
\fB2\fR
too many requests
(e.g., looped redirects, nested iframes)

.TP
\fB3\fR
failed to save file
(e.g., unavailable format)

.TP
\fB255\fR
specified no parameters


.\"========================================
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
\fBwebtaku\fR "http://example.com/" >output.ppm
output image to \fBstdout\fR with \fBPPM\fR format and redirect to file

.TP
\fBwebtaku\fR \-\-format=BMP "http://example.com/" >output.ppm
output image to \fBstdout\fR with \fBBMP\fR format and redirect to file

.TP
\fBwebtaku\fR \-\-output=output.png "http://example.com/"
output image to \fBoutput.png\fR with PNG format

.TP
\fBwebtaku\fR \-\-accept\-language="en\-US,jp;q=0.8,en;q=0.6" "http://example.com/" >output.ppm
specify \fBAccept\-Language\fR header

.TP
\fBwebtaku\fR \-\-accept\-language="en\-US" \-\-accept\-language=="jp;q=0.8" \-\-accept\-language="en;q=0.6" "http://example.com/" >output.ppm
same as above example

.TP
\fBwebtaku\fR \-\-cookie="name1=value1;name2=value2" "http://example.com/" >output.ppm
specify cookies

.TP
\fBwebtaku\fR \-\-cookie="name1=value1" \-\-cookie="name2=value2" "http://example.com/" >output.ppm
same as above example

.TP
\fBwebtaku\fR \-\-scaled\-size=300x300 "http://example.com/" >output.ppm
this will create 300x225 image

.TP
\fBwebtaku\fR \-\-scaled\-size=300X300 "http://example.com/" >output.ppm
use upper case "\fBX\fR" to resize by long\-side (this will create 400x300 image)

.TP
\fBwebtaku\fR \-\-scaled\-size=300:300 "http://example.com/" >output.ppm
use colon "\fB:\fR" \fBNOT\fR to keep aspect ratio (this will create 300x300 image)

.TP
\fBwebtaku\fR \-\-scaled\-size=300x "http://example.com/" >output.ppm
omit height to resize by width (300x225)

.TP
\fBwebtaku\fR \-\-scaled\-size=x300 "http://example.com/" >output.ppm
omit width to resize by height (400x300)

.TP
\fBwebtaku\fR \-\-crop "http://example.com/" >output.ppm
crop by minimum viewport size

.TP
\fBwebtaku\fR \-\-user\-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (iPad; CPU OS 6_0 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/536.26 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/6.0 Mobile/10A403 Safari/8536.25" \-\-min\-size=1024x768 "http://example.com/" >output.ppm
generate image of iPad's view

.TP
\fBwebtaku\fR \-\-min\-size=1200x900 \-\-crop \-\-scaled\-size=320x240 \-\-output=output.png "http://example.com/"
generate 320x240 thumbnail from 1200x900 viewport

.TP
\fBwebtaku\fR \-\-min\-size=1200x900 "http://example.com/" | convert \-crop 500x500+100+100 \-rotate +90 \-resize 250x250 \- output.ppm
for more complex conversion, use ImageMagick as above.

.TP
\fBxvfb\-run\fR \-\-server\-args="\-screen 0, 1024x768x24" \fBwebtaku\fR \-\-output=output.png "http://example.com/"
use virtual frame buffer when the machine has no X or any other GUI systems (such as LAMP web servers).

\fBNOTE\fR:
\fBDO NOT\fR use stdout redirection because \fBxvfb\-run\fR redirects stderr to stdout.


.\"========================================
.SH VERSION INFORMATION
This manpage describes \fBwebtaku\fR, version 1.0.


.\"========================================
.SH ORIGIN OF THE NAME
The name of \fBwebtaku\fR comes from "\fBweb\fR" + "gyo\fBtaku\fR".
"Gyotaku" is Japanese word, which means to print a form of fish to a paper.
For more information about gyotaku, visit Wikipedia :)


.\"========================================
.SH PROJECT PAGE
visit \fBwebtaku\fR's project page: https://github.com/shimataro/webtaku
